Physics studies matter, energy, motion, forces, and interactions.
Motion describes a change in position over time.
Speed describes distance traveled per unit of time.
Velocity describes speed together with direction.
Acceleration describes how velocity changes over time.
A force is an interaction that can change motion or shape.
Mass measures an object's resistance to changes in motion and is related to its amount of matter.
Gravity is an interaction that attracts objects with mass toward one another.
Energy is a quantity associated with the ability of a system to cause change.
Kinetic energy is associated with motion.
Potential energy is associated with position or configuration.
Temperature describes the thermal state of a system.
Heat is energy transferred because of a temperature difference.
An electric current is the movement of electric charge through a medium.
Voltage is a difference in electric potential.
Resistance describes opposition to electric current.
Chemistry studies substances, their properties, and their transformations.
An atom is a basic unit of an element that retains the element's chemical identity.
A molecule is a group of atoms connected by chemical bonds.
An element is a substance defined by its number of protons.
A compound contains atoms of different elements chemically combined.
A chemical reaction rearranges atoms and changes substances into new substances.
A solution is a homogeneous mixture in which one or more substances are dissolved in another.
A pH scale is commonly used to describe the acidity or basicity of aqueous solutions.
Biology studies living organisms and biological processes.
A cell is a basic structural and functional unit of life.
DNA stores hereditary information in many living organisms.
Genes are regions of genetic material associated with biological information.
Photosynthesis allows plants and some other organisms to convert light energy into stored chemical energy.
Cellular respiration is a set of processes used by cells to obtain usable energy from molecules.
An ecosystem contains organisms and their physical environment and the interactions between them.
A population is a group of organisms of the same species living in a particular area.
An adaptation is a heritable characteristic that can contribute to survival or reproduction in a particular environment.
